To build the paper_gpu HASHPIPE plugin from a freshly cloned repository you
need to have following pre-requisites installed:

HASHPIPE
xGPU
autotools (autoconf, automake, libtool) [building-only]

The autotools tools are only needed for the build process; they are not needed
at runtime.

Once those are in place, your can run the following commands to build HASHPIPE:

$ cd src
$ autoreconf -is
$ ./configure
$ make
$ sudo make install

The autoreconf step must be able to find the autoconf macros for HASHPIPE and
xGPU.  These autoconf macros are installed as part of the HASHPIPE and xGPU
packages.  If these packages were installed to non-system locations, you will
likely have to pass "-I /path/to/hashpipe/aclocal" and/or "-I
/path/to/xgpu/aclocal" on the autoreconf command line.  This is needed so that
the appropriate options and tests are added to the generated "configure"
script, which can be included in a distribution tarball.  When the configure
script is run (quite possibly on a different system from which it was
genreated), it may also need to told the locations of the local HASHPIPE and
xGPU installations via the --with-hashpipe=DIR and --with-xgpu=DIR command line
options.  When running the autoreconf and configure commands back to back on
the same system specifying nearly the same location(s) twice can seem somewhat
redundant.

Example 1:

If HASHIPE is installed under "/usr/local", its hashpipe.m4 file will be
installed in "/usr/local/share/aclocal".  In that case, you will likely have to
use a "-I" option on autoreconf command line, but not to configure since
"/usr/local" is the default place that configure will search for hashpipe.  The
autoreconf and configure commands could look like this:

$ autoreconf -is -I /usr/local/share/aclocal
$ ./configure

Example 2:

If HASHPIPE is installed under "/usr/local/xgpu16_256_32_titan", its xgpu.m4
file will be installed in "/usr/lcoal/xgpu16_256_32_titan/share/aclocal".  In
that case you will likely have to use both a "-I" option on the autoreconf
command line and a "--with-xgpu" option on the configure command line.  The
autoreconf and configure commands could look like this:

$ autoreconf -is -I /usr/local/xgpu16_256_32_titan/share/aclocal
$ ./configure --with-xgpu=/usr/local/xgpu16_256_32_titan
